Dinner for you today
One is to announce the good news
Second, today is my mother's birthday
Did I prepare a surprise for him?
It was the old lady who killed this Shen Guiying with her own hands
And left him in this wilderness
Hurry up
Murder Tang poetry
What about this division?
What should I do now?
Unexpectedly, the lady has been looking for her biological mother for 20 years
To do such a crazy thing
Yeah, even the servants at home
This ruthless country mute
Also worthy to be the mother of the lady
That's terrible.
God, it's all like this
Mom, you killed Shen Guoying
Daughter, he wounded me and escaped
I was wronged
How do you explain this video?
Ah, someone must be jealous of our reunion
Just faked the video to frame me
Want to centrifuge us mother and daughter
It's them, they must be behind the scenes
Say
Who is watching you fake videos to slander me?
I am the wife's biological mother
lie
I am your biological mother